   => Following steps can help improve the process:-


1].  Solve the Product versioning issues first:-

o Use Distributed version control system such as Git for maintaing repo, where all the code changes is accessible to 
  everyone working on project through a Hosting platforms such as GitHub or Bitbucket(In house hosted server). Push 
  all the code changes periodically to this hosted platform so eveyone can clone it as and when needed.

o Every Developer should create a Separate  Branch for particular project they working on, and develop the product 
  independently and comit the changes locally. Now that they will have changes in a branch off of master, they can 
  open a pull request. Pull requests let them tell others about changes they've pushed to a GitHub repository. 

 Once a pull request is sent, interested parties i.e developer involve in projects can review the set of changes, made 
 by other developers and pull in contribution and merge them into their branch or even push the changes to master branch 
 to build the final product.


2]. Deployment and testing issue. ? 

o Have a CI/CD tool in place such as Jenkins which will speedup the building application and can incorporate various 
  testing such as QA,Security etc as well to avoid human errors which will and can happen if building,testing,Deployment
  is done manually.

Important Note:-
      
  * Create Separate Jenkins jobs for Deployment on each environment Dev,Test,Staging,Prod etc.
  * Create a separate jobs for Backup/restore in case something fails during new release, you should be ready to roll 
    back to previous version without hassle.

  * Automate the roll back process on previous version if deployment fails.    
  * Preserve build history as per compliance requirements in build jobs.


3]. After the product is ready for delivery, Deploy it on Development environment and observe the changes, if satisfied, 
    push the changes onto UAT environment and share it with customer for feedback.


4]. Once UAT enviornemnt comes clean and customers are happy with proposted changes push the changes onto production.


5]. Follow same procedure [1-5] for next release.



